 So, the hardest part wasn't so much creating the music, the hardest part was me combining  all this information and it was sure enough time to give us enough time to listen to  the music.  So, that's what I've been focusing on.  I'm from New Jersey, so I like talking.  Before we get into the science, you might be saying yourself, a couple of people are  talking to me in the back and he said, how do you make this?  How did this all come about?  Why am I qualified to have this experience with you in the first place?  So I want to give you a little background about that, is that okay if I share a little  bit about myself before we get started?  Is that okay?  So, my name is Dr. Stephen Schwartz and I've owned multiple clinics here in the Denver  area since 2000 in working with chronic degenerative conditions, allergies, systemic inflammatory  conditions, human performance issues and I've been using all vibrational technologies.  Seen trans...  I ran a last resort clinic for since 2000.  People when they didn't know where else to go, like your stuff is weird.  I heard good things about you and I'm willing to give it a shot and we got them results.  All using vibrational technologies and I said to myself, I know I'm not a psychic.  I don't think I have any kind of special abilities.  I'm just another guy like anybody else.  So why is this working?  There's got to be science behind it and I started researching that.  So really without getting into the whole backstory, jumping forward to 2006, I had a successful  practice here in Denver.  And I was using these little...  Do you know what those...  They're seen as little water ampules, those little vibrational signature sample vials.  It's basically these little glass tubes and they contain water and within water there's  a vibrational signature in there and you can put anything you want in there.  I literally have thousands of them.  Now they're sitting my closet, I'm not even using them but during my practice I was switching  in and out these vials and reprogramming people's neurology and bodies for whatever  it was that they had a problem with and it worked.  So I knew how to do that and I started bringing on more staff and it was hard to reproduce  these vials and I said, what if I, instead of using these water samples that contain vibrational  signatures, what if I used audio files, what if I used sound and I said, okay, well who  do I know that has a sound recording studio and at the time I had a friend of mine who  had a recording studio, a professional musician, I call them up and I say, Chris, you want  to participate in experiment.  He goes, yeah I'm game.  FYI, if anybody ever calls you and said, do you want to participate in a scientific experiment,  you should probably find out what that experiment is first.  But he knew me and was like, yes, whatever you're doing, let's do it.  So I said, do you have any health issues?  He says, you know, very interesting.  I just started dating this girl and she's got three cats and I'm deathly allergic to cats.  I was like, perfect.  At the time I was treating a ton of cat allergies and it was probably one of the most consistent  treatments that I was doing at the time using my vials and so it was really, it was a good  baseline that was established.  I knew exactly how I was going to be able to treat it, what the expected outcome was going  to be so I could compare it to the sound treatment that we were going to be doing.  So we go into his recording studio.  I reproduce all my energetic signatures with audio files, reproduce all the samples in there  and I'm totally making this up and over the next week we create this whole process.  And it turns out that out of 22 samples that I had, he was allergic to 18 of the 22 samples.  So we had a very severe allergy and over the next week we did, which I treat him four times  and then the week after that he calls me and says,  hey, you know, I went to my girlfriend's house last night.  Okay, I'm listening and how many people are cat people in the room?  A lot of cat people.  This seems like kind of a cat people kind of crowd versus like the dog people kind of crowd.  Those are like, and that makes sense.  You guys, you look like the dog people and you guys all look like the cat people.  So as you know, with the cat people, like with cats, you can't chase around cats.  Like it's a very passive process.  They have to come to you, right?  So my friend starts telling me about, he goes over there on a mission to check this cat allergy  and he's chasing the cats around the house and they're hiding in bed in the closet.  They don't have anything to do with it.  And after about a half hour, he's like, forget about it.  I'm just going to go over to the cat bed, picks up the cat bed.  He just rubs his face all in the cat bed and I'm on the phone here.  I'm like, and no reaction.  You can clap.  That was good.  Thank you.  I was jumping around.  I was like, interesting.  Because I'm the scientist, right?  So I was like, very good.  Yes, that was the beginning of bioharmonic technologies.  That's where my company in 2007 began.  And I was, I started basically from there.  I took all these vials, start converting them into a computer program.  And I was working with that for the next year, but I also wanted to start making what I call sonic  suticles.  And I thought that for somebody that had never spent a day more than two days now in a recording  studio to make a cat allergy CD, I thought was a bit ambitious.  So we created my first, my first CD, which is this energy clearing, this orange series  CD in the front here.  And it was really cool.  Just it was a process really being open to the universe to letting it come through.  And my old associate refers to that as sonic sage.  If you just want to clear your energy field, clear things out of your nervous system  and out of the space, you play the CD.  And people have called me from around the world, telling me there were results with it.  So it's really amazing.  So that was the first CD that I made.  And then following that, the next sonic suticle is cellular tument.  And George yesterday talked about how he'd had this process called the EVOCs done.  We created the, this is an emotional balancing sonic suticle created with the EVOCs.  But you can also, it stands alone.  It's a energy balancing CD.  And then this third one, I actually created, it's what I call my sonic first aid kit.  And I created it when I, before I went down to Peru for 11, 11, 11.  And it was all my iPod, just for anything I may need in the jungles.  Like I have this digestive tract on there, this bone regeneration tract in there, wound healing,  stem cell stuff.  So all that is in, so it's like a physical healing sonic suticle.  And at this time, actually, I'd like for you guys to all welcome my dear friend,  my compadre with my music sound designer, Jason, Mr. Jason Kale, he's in the back.  Thank you, Jason.  Jason is a new friend of mine.  And we've created, actually, we just finished doing a sonic suticle for autism.  And I'm just finishing doing, the music is completely done.  We're doing the packaging and getting it out.  It should be done probably within a month or so.  And then there's another sonic suticle that we created that we're finishing up right now  called cell cleanser.  And it works with killing pathogens and detoxifying cells.  So these are, instead of taking something orally, you're receiving it through music.  And I have a reproducible system that we create these, that we create these sonic  suticles. And so, but what I've always wanted to do was a live sonic suticles.  And you just having the sonic suticle and listening to it, I want to do it in a live  setting.  And so this is what we're going to be doing.  So we have two practices under our belts.  And this is the first time we're going to do it.  And it's going to be amazing.  So you're the guinea pigs.  Exciter for that.  And all of you in the world out there, you're going to be able to experience this  through the computer as well too.